TOKENART DAO License
« TA-DAO »
Attribution - Sharealike - DAO Commercial Use. 
HOLDING OKNA IS THE ONLY FORM OF ACCEPTANCE OF THIS LICENSE
OKNA Ethereum contract : 0x6FD6171442ae34bA5C9CE2bb9b1E0CF543c4F6f1 
Total OKNA in circulation : 50M
Official website : tokenart.org 
Discord : https://discord.gg/9nfUrBzWnk 
Preambule:
By exercising the Licensed Rights (defined below), You accept and agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this TOKENART DAO License ("Public License"). To the extent this Public License may be interpreted as a contract, You are granted the Licensed Rights in consideration of Your acceptance of these terms and conditions, and the Licensor grants You such rights in consideration of benefits the Licensor receives from making the Licensed Material available under these terms and conditions. 
Holding an OKNA is the only form of acceptance of this Public Licence. 
OKNA are deployed over Ethereum Mainnet DLT (Hereinafter « Blockchain ») at the following address : 0x6FD6171442ae34bA5C9CE2bb9b1E0CF543c4F6f1.
Utility rules and interacting modality are explained in annexe 3.
Article 1: Definitions
You means the individual or entity holding OKNA and exercising the Licensed Rights under this Public License.  Your  has a corresponding meaning and OKNA Holder as well.
OKNA means digital asset associated to this Public License. 
License Elements means the license attributes listed in the name of a Tokenart Public License. The License Elements of this Public License are : TOKENART DAO LICENSE (TA-DAO).
TOKENART DAO LICENSE means this Public License allowing the representation of Licensed Right thanks to OKNA. 
Licensed Material means the artistic or literary work, database, or other material to which the Licensor applied this Public License. 
Licensed Rights means the rights granted to You, as an OKNA Holder, subject to the terms and conditions of this Public License, which are limited to all Copyright and Similar Rights that apply to Your use of the Licensed Material and that the Licensor has authority to license. 
Licensor means the individual(s) or entity(ies) granting rights under this Public License.
Adapted Material means materials subject to Copyright and Similar Rights that is derived from or based upon the Licensed Material and in which the Licensed Material is translated, altered, arranged, transformed, or otherwise modified in a manner requiring permission under the Copyright and Similar Rights held by the Licensor. For purposes of this Public License, where the Licensed Material is a musical work, performance, or sound recording, Adapted Material is always produced where the Licensed Material is synched in timed relation with a moving image. 
Adapter's License means the license You apply to Your Copyright and Similar Rights in Your contributions to Adapted Materials in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Public License. 
Copyright and Similar Rights means copyright and/or similar rights closely related to copyright including, without limitation, performance, broadcast, sound recording, and Sui Generis Database Rights, without regard to how the rights are labeled or categorized. For purposes of this Public License, the rights specified in Section 2(b)(1)-(2) are not Copyright and Similar Rights. 
Effective Technological Measures means those measures that, in the absence of proper authority, may not be circumvented under laws fulfilling obligations under Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty adopted on December 20, 1996, and/or similar international agreements. 
Exceptions and Limitations means fair use, fair dealing, and/or any other exception or limitation to Copyright and Similar Rights that applies to Your use of the Licensed Material. 
Share means to provide material to the public by any means or process that requires permission under the Licensed Rights, such as reproduction, public display, public performance, distribution, dissemination, communication, or importation, and to make material available to the public including in ways that members of the public may access the material from a place and at a time individually chosen by them. 
Generis Database Rights means rights other than copyright resulting from Directive 96/9/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 11 March 1996 on the legal protection of databases, as amended and/or succeeded, as well as other essentially equivalent rights anywhere in the world. 
Article 2 : Object
It is hereby constituted, under the term of the public License, a Decentralized Autonomous Organization which will be governed by the TOKENART DAO License of the public License. The License operates equally in the same terms with one or more members. 
The following Public License is made for 
- Organizing the Licensed Rights over the Licensed Material created or modified under TOKENART DAO License.
And more globally, to manage all operation of whatever nature, movable or commercial, financial or industrial that may be directly or indirectly related to the corporate purpose and to any similar, related or complementary objects, likely to favor the Tokenart Intellectual property extension or its development.

Intellectual property assets created or modified under TOKENART DAO License are :

Tokenart NFT License with the mention Tokenart or Tokenart License or the initial  « TA » such as but not limited to TA-DI, TA-CU etc. 
Materials which are marked as TOKENART DAO LICENSE.
Software such as Source code, including but not limited to front end and back end development, and database created with the mention Tokenart or created by a Tokenart member or for a Tokenart member.
Adapted Material of the above-mentioned Licensed Materials.

Article 3 : Nomination
Licensed Materials and Adapted Materials can be identified under the following nomination :  TOKENART DAO.
All acts and documents involving TOKENART DAO and intended for third parties must indicate the above-mentioned Nomination immediately and legibly preceded or followed by the words « LICENSE »  and the statement of the amount of the token. , the official website and the Ethereum Token contract number.

You can just copy past it : 
TOKENART DAO LICENSE
50 Million OKNA
tokenart.org 
OKNA contract : 0x6FD6171442ae34bA5C9CE2bb9b1E0CF543c4F6f1 

Article 4 : Domain name 
Official Domain name is tokenart.org
It can be modified by any other domain name by Your collective decision.
In the event of a transfer decided by You, the Tokenart DAO Representative is authorized to modify the License accordingly.
Article 5 : Duration
The duration of Tokenart DAO is set as long as Intellectual property right are protected.
Article 6 : Variation in the number of Tokens
Tokenart DAO is allowed to mint OKNA. 
Thus, OKNA number is liable to increase: following additional contributions from members, the admission of new members, the incorporation of new Intellectual property asset.
The maximum authorized price for an OKNA is 100 euros. 
The decision to increase OKNA price below the threshold of the maximum authorized price implies a modification of the articles.
The filing and publication formalities provided for by this License apply to this collective decision by the members, taken at 51%.
Article 7 : OKNA FORMS
OKNA are digital asset represented by DLT technologies first on Ethereum under the following contract address : 0x6FD6171442ae34bA5C9CE2bb9b1E0CF543c4F6f1 
 Members agrees not to assimilate these Tokens to any other legal qualifications including financial instruments, money or certificates of deposit.
Article 8 : OKNA Utility 
Ownership of OKNA in the Blockhain automatically entails adherence to this Tokenart DAO License and the collective decisions of the members.
Each OKNA gives the right to 
Make proposition regarding intellectual property asset owned by Tokenart DAO
Vote for proposition regarding intellectual property asset owned by Tokenart DAO
Receive rewards linked to intellectual property asset owned by Tokenart DAO such as, but not limited to, the value of percentage of royalties on each intellectual property asset incomes
Being remunerated for its participation in the TOKENART DAO Ecosystem explained on Tokenart Discord or Official Website.
Make proposition regarding TOKENART DAO Representative
Vote for TOKENART DAO Representative
Article 9 : Terms & Conditions for TOKENART NFT LICENSES
1. Terms
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Public License, the Licensor hereby grants You a worldwide, royalty-free, non-sublicensable, non-exclusive, irrevocable license to exercise the Licensed Rights in the Licensed Material to: 
 reproduce and Share the Licensed Material, in whole or in part, for NonCommercial purposes only; and
produce, reproduce, and Share Adapted Material for NonCommercial purposes only.
Media and formats; technical modifications allowed. The Licensor authorizes You to exercise the Licensed Rights in all media and formats whether now known or hereafter created, and to make technical modifications necessary to do so. The Licensor waives and/or agrees not to assert any right or authority to forbid You from making technical modifications necessary to exercise the Licensed Rights, including technical modifications necessary to circumvent Effective Technological Measures.
2. Downstream recipients

(i) Offer from the Licensor – Licensed Material. Every recipient of the Licensed Material automatically receives an offer from the Licensor to exercise the Licensed Rights under the terms and conditions of this Public License. 
(ii) Additional offer from the Licensor – Adapted Material. Every recipient of Adapted Material from You automatically receives an offer from the Licensor to exercise the Licensed Rights in the Adapted Material under the conditions of the Adapter’s License You apply. 
(iii) No downstream restrictions. You may not offer or impose any additional or different terms or conditions on, or apply any Effective Technological Measures to, the Licensed Material if doing so restricts exercise of the Licensed Rights by any recipient of the Licensed Material. 

3. Other rights. 
(i) Moral rights, such as the right of integrity, are not licensed under this Public License, nor are publicity, privacy, and/or other similar personality rights; however, to the extent possible, the Licensor waives and/or agrees not to assert any such rights held by the Licensor to the limited extent necessary to allow You to exercise the Licensed Rights, but not otherwise. 
(ii) To the extent possible, the Licensor waives any right to collect royalties from You for the exercise of the Licensed Rights, whether directly or through a collecting society under any voluntary or waivable statutory or compulsory licensing scheme. In all other cases the Licensor expressly reserves any right to collect such royalties, including when the Licensed Material is used other than for NonCommercial purposes.

4. Conditions
If You Use the Licensed Material called TOKENART DAO (including in modified form), You must:  
- retain the following if it is supplied by the Licensor with the Licensed Material: 
identification of the creator(s) of the Licensed Material, and the TOKENART DAO Nomination as provided in article 3, and any others designated to receive attribution, in any reasonable manner requested by the Licensor (including by pseudonym if designated); 
a copyright notice; 
a notice that refers to this Public License; 
a notice that refers to the disclaimer of warranties; 
a URI or hyperlink to the Licensed Material to the extent reasonably practicable;
- indicate if You modified the Licensed Material and retain an indication of any previous modifications; and 
indicate the Licensed Material is licensed under this Public License, and include the text of, or the URI or hyperlink to, this Public License.
- The above-mentioned recommandation are satisfied in any reasonable manner based on the medium, means, and context in which You Share the Licensed Material. For example, it may be reasonable to satisfy the conditions by providing a URI or hyperlink to a resource that includes the required information.
- If requested by the Licensor, or the DAO representative, You must remove any of the above-mentioned required information.

B. In addition to the above-mentioned requirement, if You Share Adapted Material You produce, You must :
Provide the exacte same License Elements for your Adapter’s License
Include the text of, or the URI or hyperlink to, the Adapter's License You apply. You may satisfy this condition in any reasonable manner based on the medium, means, and context in which You Share Adapted Material ;
not offer or impose any additional or different terms or conditions on, or apply any Effective Technological Measures to, Adapted Material that restrict exercise of the rights granted under the Adapter's License You apply.

For Any kind of commercial use of Adapted material or Licensed Material you must have the collective agreement of the DAO or DAO representative. 

5. Commercial Use Grant and condition
According to the term of this License, the DAO representative  mentioned in Article 10, have the right to commercially use the Licensed Materials or Adapted Materials. Thus, the Licensor expressly transfer to the DAO representative the commercial use of his Licensed Materials. 

6. Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liabilities

A. Unless otherwise separately undertaken by the Licensor, to the extent possible, the Licensor offers the Licensed Material as-is and as-available, and makes no representations or warranties of any kind concerning the Licensed Material, whether express, implied, statutory, or other. This includes, without limitation, warranties of title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, absence of latent or other defects, accuracy, or the presence or absence of errors, whether or not known or discoverable. Where disclaimers of warranties are not allowed in full or in part, this disclaimer may not apply to You. 
B. To the extent possible, in no event will the Licensor be liable to You on any legal theory (including, without limitation, negligence) or otherwise for any direct, special, indirect, incidental, consequential, punitive, exemplary, or other losses, costs, expenses, or damages arising out of this Public License or use of the Licensed Material, even if the Licensor has been advised of the possibility of such losses, costs, expenses, or damages. Where a limitation of liability is not allowed in full or in part, this limitation may not apply to You. 
C. The disclaimer of warranties and limitation of liability provided above shall be interpreted in a manner that, to the extent possible, most closely approximates an absolute disclaimer and waiver of all liability.

Article 10 : DAO Representative
The TOKENART DAO is managed by a DAO Representative. You expressly agree to let DAO Representative exercise the commercial use of TOKENART DAO. DAO Representative can therefore commercially use Licensed Material and Your Adapted Material. 
During TOKENART DAO License life, the DAO Representative is appointed by Your collective decision, the first DAO Representative being appointed on the occasion of the publication of this TOKENART DAO license. 
First DAO representative is Soleauchain known at Soleauchain#2022 on discord and soleauchain@protonmail.com by Mail.
The members determine by collective decision the term of the DAO Representative’s term of services and, where applicable, set a remuneration for each services he does, except for the first DAO Representative, whose term of services and remuneration are fixed by this License. 
This asking of services is renewable indefinitely by Your collective decision.
The DAO Representative functions end by the end of his term of services.
Any DAO Representative may stop from rendering services subject to a three (3) month notice period which may be reduced upon a collective decision of the members who will have to rule on the replacement of the resigning DAO Representative. The three (3) month notice period start after the DAO representative post his will on the appropriate tokenart discord channel called « DAO Representative information ».
The DAO Representative is revocable at any time by Your collective decision. 51% of the OKNA have to be used to vote FOR this decision. The dismissal of the DAO Representative does not have to be justified and cannot give rise to any compensation whatsoever.
The DAO Representative manage TOKENART DAO with regard to third parties for all patrimonial copyright, subject to the copyright that this Public License expressly grant. DAO Representative can therefore sign a contract with third parties for TOKENART DAO Licensed materials use. Thus, DAO Representative can take commitment linked to TOKENART DAO and ALL Licensed Materials in order to promote TOKENART DAO. 
Article 11 : Collective decision
Collective decision can be submitted by You.
The following are in particular subject to Your mandatory collective decision :
The Mint of new OKNA
The percentage of royalties generated by TOKENART DAO giving back to You in the form of Airdrops
An increase in Your commitments 
The Modification of OKNA token smartcontract

Article 11.1 : Methods of collective decisions
Mandatory Collective decisions are taken on the initiative of the DAO Representative, or by You if You are holding alone or together more than 10 000 OKNA.
They are expressed by your vote.

Article 11.2: Information to You
Your collective decisions are subject to prior information including but not limited to the agenda, the text of the resolutions and all information enabling You to make an informed decision on the resolution (s) submitted for their approval. 
You can have access to these information through 
The official Tokenart Website : tokenart.org 
Official Tokenart Discord : https://discord.gg/WzqD2fz8Et 

Article 11.3 : Majority rules
Collective decisions are taken by a simple majority of the votes cast during the period of 5 days from their listing on the Vote Page.
You are informed of the Listing on Vote Page through appropriate Discord channel called «  Official-DAO-Vote ».

Article 12 : Appropriation and distribution of the Royalties
Regarding DAO REPRESENTATIVE commitment, at least five percent (5%) is deducted from the Tokenart DAO Royalties for the year less any previous losses to constitute the DAO reserve fund. This deduction ceases to be compulsory when the reserve fund reaches one tenth of OKNA total amount; it resumes its course when, for any reason whatsoever, the legal reserve has fallen below this tenth.
Hundred percent (100%) of TOKENART DAO royalties must reward You in the proportion of Your OKNA holding in the form of crypto-asset such as OKNAs except if those Royalties must finance DAO representative commitment.  
If there is still Royalties for the year, after having financed all DAO REPRESENTATIVE Commitment, then it may be decided to enter it in one or more reserve items which it requires regulate the allocation or use, defer it or distribute it to You in the form of Crypto-asset such as OKNAs.

Article 13 : End of TOKENART DAO LICENSE
The end of TOKENART DAO LCIENSE can be pronounced in the event of serious failure, piracy, or disappearance of the DAO or the Blockchain so as to render them unusable, inaccessible or inoperative. 
The end of TOKENART DAO LICENSE 
puts an end to the functions of the DAO REPRESENTATIVE. 
The end of the TOKENART DAO LICENSE will have the effect of placing under common creative license known as « Attribution and ShareAlike » (CC BY-SA 4.0) the Licensed Material and Adapted Materials known as TOKENART DAO.










